Add request headers allowlist (#506)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: packages/express/.changesets/requestheaders-config-option-is-now-available.md

---
bump: "patch"
---

> `requestHeaders` config option is now available. An allow list that
> gives the ability to define which request headers you want to be shown
> in AppSignal performance traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect request headers from express requests by default. See also our new `requestHeaders` config option, added in the @appsignal/nodejs package.
```
